hey guys welcome back to yard line for
today's video I will be doing what is on
my iPhone 6 plus and I have the gold
iPhone 6 plus and it is 64 gigabytes I
think that I'm just gonna go through
ones on my phone and I haven't been
seeing a lot of these videos on YouTube
lately so I decided I would do one from
the case that I have on my phone
currently that I took off is this Kate
Spade mint and white case and I really
like it's easy to get off and that does
one thing that I look for in a case so
without me rambling on let's just get
into this video ok so this is my phone
and this is an iPhone 6 plus like I
already said and so once you open this
up my lock screen is this picture of a
beach that I got from the internet
because it reminds me of summertime and
this is not what my outside looks like I
wish it was but it isn't so then I just
put my thumb down and it unlocks my
phone because this is an iPhone 6 plus
and if you look at the top you will see
calendar camera photos videos I don't
really use any of those besides the
camera and then you have maps clock
iTunes Store and App Store and I do use
the clock a lot as you can see I I have
lots of you know different clocks and
alarms my most used one is 4:45 a.m.
because that's when I have to wake up
for skating every morning and if you
think that waking up at 5:45 or 6:00
a.m. is early traveling you up at 4:45
a.m. every morning even during the
summer let's see how you survive anyway
then you have like those other two and
then you have mail and FaceTime and
contacts and the useless stuff that
comes with the phone that you never even
you
so yeah that's where all my storage is
going towards and the mail yeah you can
see I do not build up the much because
this is why is my why is this not
focusing now you will come across the
bottom where I keep all my other apps
that come with the phone that I don't
use that much and then you come across
my social medias and you can probably
already see this even if they are blurry
snapchat kik Pinterest vine my YouTube
is public obviously or else I would not
be sharing this video and yeah you
should totally subscribe to me I have 90
subscribers that is so money anyway and
then I have Twitter ask of em and then
the snap up is where I can just take
stuff from my camera roll and upload
that and then I have the Weather Channel
and I would open that up to check the
weather but I don't want you guys
knowing where I'm living so and then you
have music I actually just use Pandora
more and I'll get to that and then the
bottom row this is the stuff I use the
most so we have messages bone Safari and
Instagram oh my gosh Instagram is life I
use that app all the time I go on there
when I am bored so you should totally
just go there and you know stock me even
though I don't have one for my youtube
even though I should make one but I
don't want any negative stuff on there
because yeah and then you go to my
second page of apps and oh okay now now
you focus I see when when I come in and
anyway top left we have all my school
stuff even though I have no school so
why am i showing you guys this and then
I have all of my editing stuff and I'll
have like a clip on the side of this
video showing like how I use this but I
love afterlight I use that all the time
and the SEO cam I use a lot 80
we sometimes pick frame if I'm making a
collage I was like my number one app I
go to I will use pic split pick a little
bit and Pixlr and font killer and
overuse Park mode I never use square
ready sometimes phone toe I use a lot
supreme pose I use picsArt used and
light and cool fonts I use a little bit
and then I have all my video editing
stuff you guys don't really want to see
that and then I have the games yeah I
don't really use anything yeah and then
they have followers plus Pandora where I
use a lot of music Google Earth that's
not really weird QR reader I don't know
why I have that Shazam in track and
alive I don't leave or whatever I don't
even know what this is let's just make
videos okay I'm probably gonna delete it
after this because I don't even use it
so I hope you guys enjoyed this video
don't forget to like this video if you
enjoyed comment down below what phone
you have that seems like a pretty good
question considering this is a what is
in my iPhone video and don't forget to
subscribe if you like what you see and
I'll talk to you guys later bye